[OSDOCS-6134]: Moving AWS & GCP short term creds install procs (#60222)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-config-yaml.adoc

ifdef::gov,secret,china[]
<1> Required.
endif::gov,secret,china[]
<2> Optional: Add this parameter to force the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) to use the specified mode, instead of having the CCO dynamically try to determine the capabilities of the credentials. For details about CCO modes, see _About the Cloud Credential Operator_ in the _Authentication and authorization_ content.
+

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: I think readers would be better served if you just told them to set the parameter to manual as part of Clusters configured to use short-term credentials only: Incorporating the Cloud Credential Operator utility files.

This could easily be over looked here. I know these samples have been used in similar ways previously, but I do believe we should be rethinking the level of detail we put in them.

ifdef::gov,secret,china[]
<1> Required.
endif::gov,secret,china[]

> <2> Optional: Add this parameter to force the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) to use the specified mode. By default, the CCO uses the root credentials in the `kube-system` namespace to dynamically try to determine the capabilities of the credentials. For details about CCO modes, see _About the Cloud Credential Operator_ in the _Authentication and authorization_ content.

Reviewer 2: Quotations for the section title?
```suggestion
<2> Optional: Add this parameter to force the Cloud Credential Operator (CCO) to use the specified mode. By default, the CCO uses the root credentials in the `kube-system` namespace to dynamically try to determine the capabilities of the credentials. For details about CCO modes, see the "About the Cloud Credential Operator" section in the _Authentication and authorization_ guide.
```

Thinking about this from IBMSG:
> If you refer to a smaller piece of work within a larger container such as a chapter within a book or an article in a magazine, use italic font for the larger container and double quotation marks for the smaller piece.

Same for other similarly-styled citations throughout PR, if changed here.

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Setting this parameter to `Manual` enables alternatives to storing administrator-level secrets in the `kube-system` project, which require additional configuration steps:

* Using the CCO utility (`ccoctl`) to implement short-term, limited-privilege security credentials for individual components. For more information, see _Configuring an AWS cluster to use short-term credentials_.

* Managing cloud credentials manually. For more information, see _Manually creating long-term credentials_.

> ====

Author: QE approved this as helpful, so I want to leave it alone for now. When I do Azure, I will look at moving it to the params table as a footnote (I think that's a great place for it), but that way it can get a clean ack in a different PR :sweat_smile:

> ====

Author: Here: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/64001/commits/4a47154ed3d69b4da779f67d3739d0dd792e91ca
